inventory_system.py:19:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:60:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:71:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:73:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
inventory_system.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:120:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
inventory_system.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:228:11: W292 no newline at end of file
